## Subresource Integrity

If you are loading Highlight.js via CDN you may wish to use [Subresource Integrity](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Security/Subresource_Integrity) to guarantee that you are using a legimitate build of the library.

To do this you simply need to add the `integrity` attribute for each JavaScript file you download via CDN. These digests are used by the browser to confirm the files downloaded have not been modified.

```html
<script
  src="//cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/highlight.js/11.11.1/highlight.min.js"
  integrity="sha384-5xdYoZ0Lt6Jw8GFfRP91J0jaOVUq7DGI1J5wIyNi0D+eHVdfUwHR4gW6kPsw489E"></script>
<!-- including any other grammars you might need to load -->
<script
  src="//cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/highlight.js/11.11.1/languages/go.min.js"
  integrity="sha384-HdearVH8cyfzwBIQOjL/6dSEmZxQ5rJRezN7spps8E7iu+R6utS8c2ab0AgBNFfH"></script>
```

The full list of digests for every file can be found below.

### Digests

```
sha384-gRTR/fmk+6+ygbihH/fJvHgmffnOrd/eO7DW5zgu1uN9GBohtDx+OBs0DI0ejigB /es/languages/bash.js
sha384-Pg7b9hYE6kefjcNqAabhv8jOLCVoZubUaM4bZFjUJd0CaaQ14ksDI0GVllMtAF4S /es/languages/bash.min.js
sha384-uC39e4pRTIrenlpo9NQf2taOPhdRJNaZLFASSg+Q8BLjYqLXvxL8brjzQmJEQ0qn /es/languages/http.js
sha384-36ZwsK42N/jk3DquJeJr/r/oziBOtUxBcg0ZdTaaEDX+Zo/UMgBP4S2Sf4NEyq1y /es/languages/http.min.js
sha384-8CRS96Xb/ZkZlQU+5ffA03XTN6/xY40QAnsXKB0Y+ow1vza1LAkRNPSrZqGSNo53 /es/languages/json.js
sha384-UHzaYxI/rAo84TEK3WlG15gVfPk49XKax76Ccn9qPWYbUxePCEHxjGkV+xp9HcS/ /es/languages/json.min.js
sha384-gPjhD9B3eKMKoi+i3tYG1UcMUivCp9B5pM+altrGmMCGtc/1044OoB91n3AHDce4 /es/languages/ocaml.js
sha384-K1wF0NzhmShaNd0mazLwrxnm0VT2wtNGclvFeDfuYRMM1g92YApMTm+Zknp7Jt+C /es/languages/ocaml.min.js
sha384-1mmBZmAs44b6FtD9wpMiLJa8bLZgZv9xoAhngN6B5Q22y9CtcsU2lat0zlRtyVgy /es/languages/shell.js
sha384-u9PV7oWG/lZlm+GnftX7kn0w4b8rRfFxSv5SmJJPHWKGI03rz6VLqgZdQ1B5ez6b /es/languages/shell.min.js
sha384-9ECFzM+oWDye4s/MFx3QUXGo4mW43+SyLpWUDeQtWup6GZJ+KHFxVS89PmZt/fzl /es/languages/xml.js
sha384-PQrsaWeWrBiE1CFRw8K335CaJuQRTjDGm73vn8bXvlwaw6RyqWObdvMTBS8B75NN /es/languages/xml.min.js
sha384-Jrkpn2hK0TY04skYBXB9fj7mMpKYy7g726cPwXGXf6mdBXnFlTDXFduxikMCRXT7 /languages/bash.js
sha384-BbT8tZtvkh8HPXIvL5RtzuljBwI3gR5KIdYxZyYSyI5C/+KNAGdzAiexvmxuroag /languages/bash.min.js
sha384-hV7ok3wrc7DrjvcAtn3jI6KlZtpbm+hC4HXrOyRjrl65HjGtTJ5ixGiMSpJRDiDq /languages/http.js
sha384-X50fiL5mByDvJRwn0hkUXIEttF5t8hlEFSPUMq42KoryxgI4niflBsviuhahhWJf /languages/http.min.js
sha384-pUlqdjoNePvHvdi7GVKJJnh/P2T3EvXXodl5j0JtTkbNC4DRH7gwGbcHFa84bFOP /languages/json.js
sha384-3C+cPClJZgjKFYAb0bh35D7im2jasLzgk9eRix3t1c5pk1+x6b+bHghWcdrKwIo3 /languages/json.min.js
sha384-FMuGqFdDMUSuNDMdrHPQJ5mnHDcvRdz8JaSHcx9gKYEgRLWLJjrXG7VCqkP2Z9N9 /languages/ocaml.js
sha384-Ox9CQ7lFdK85QgO6+LBGHukeEXutfvnC8BSMg78nFV2OqScEbL4inhxDrfcAFdmO /languages/ocaml.min.js
sha384-BanM6jNzM3hgNw0Vu3gSe58a3MK3PSlMUzh5s8QaaDzIvTWgB0jNetV3rNxteKHy /languages/shell.js
sha384-mSZF08WaP0Llc4GMwE0KA2V9yfZQimO5PvfcXf2AATDdqri3Q7IdV7pfbhVPJCHV /languages/shell.min.js
sha384-Pgzg6a405W6U1xFjjSs5i8d7V81Tmt/TYn8HFOa+u1psDc8cbs8nC7BuyNXbWWRK /languages/xml.js
sha384-FQjSArDMJE4WMAJGcCNAV+IXIOljcIxM3UFAD2vxjedWmBnnDaAyqRG7AQHf/uM/ /languages/xml.min.js
sha384-xgb62WVNPj1v8LNFJy4epnjQ/dltjiqADeBn52UmOfMbz+A1UgF6dsun2IvCN7yV /highlight.js
sha384-e/8mUa0VZ8JSauwRD+1DqOAtCzRvDo5nG5Xoi+AZnnM8zr9ZT4Cde3V26oFrdvO2 /highlight.min.js
```

