# Memento

Vif is a project run by our cooperative, which can result in saturation of the
"HTTP stack in OCaml". It is true that, at the time of writing, there are
several solutions for creating a website in OCaml. So why Vif, and how is it
better?

## Competition and space

In reality, Vif synthesises a social reality which, without its existence,
would leave little room for our cooperative to continue producing services and
unikernels.

As such, it is important to understand where we are coming from. Our
cooperative is (or has been) involved in the development of the various HTTP
stacks currently available in OCaml. In this case, we continue to do
(painstaking) maintenance work on some of these libraries.

This work is not new and stems from our experience working on
[Ocsigen][ocsigen], [CoHTTP][cohttp], [http/af][httpaf], [h2][h2] and
[Dream][dream]. Of course, all of this is transparent and can be seen in our
issues and pull requests on these various projects. We have therefore been
collaborating on these projects for around ten years.

However, we feel that this collaboration has not always been fruitful, and we
have noticed certain limitations between the objectives of the authors of these
HTTP stacks and our own. This is not a criticism, but rather an observation
that has led us to reconsider the use of these solutions several times in light
of our constraints and objectives.

Vif does not seek to compete with anyone and responds to a specific need of our
cooperative, which does not have the ability to improve what already exists in
the way we would like (this certainly does not mean that we would
systematically want to change these projects, but we could also reasonably
conclude that they did not suit our constraints), but we do have experience in
producing such a stack thanks to our regular work.

And since we accept the diversity of solutions by continuing to participate in
and maintain these pre-existing HTTP stacks, we would like readers to
legitimise the existence of Vif as another possible HTTP stack for building
websites.

## Experiences & objectives
